- ♪ ♪
- This heat wave is brutal.
It is way too hot outside.
- I call fridge.
- I call freezer!
- I call
my frozen underwear.
And all of you thought
I was stupid
when I put it in there.
Ah!
Underwear freeze!
Ow, ow.
Oh.
- Okay, if we are this miserable
in the spring,
imagine how miserable
we're gonna be in the summer.
- Actually,
I've been thinking about that.
If we save all of our
allowances, birthday money,
and couch coins,
we'll have just enough
to get an above-ground pool.
- I'm in.
- Me too.
- I'm out.
- What? Why?
- The smart thing for us to do
is buy fur coats.
- Wh--
- Who buys hot fur coats
in the summer?
- Nobody.
That's why they're cheap.
Who buys pools
in the summer?
- Everybody.
That's when you need them.
- Well, that's when
they're expensive.
If you guys wanted a pool,
we should have been talking
about this at Christmas.
But summer's coming.
This is prime fur coat time.
- Okay, we're not
doing that, right?
- Absolutely not.
- No way.
- Well, good luck getting a pool
without my share of the money.
- Dude, a pool
makes way more sense
than ridiculous fur coats.
- They're not ridiculous.
How come you guys never care
about what I think?
- We care.
In fact,
we're very concerned
about most of the things
you say.
- Okay.
You know what?
You convinced me.
all: Yes!
- I'm buying my coat.
all: What?
- Yup, one with
genuine fake fur
that goes from my chin
all the way down
to my ankles.
And around my sides
and completely up my back.
And my arms
will be covered in--
- We get it.
It's a coat.
- Maybe a fur coat
isn't the worst idea.
- Yes, it is.
It is literally the worst idea.
- Let's go in there
and talk some sense into him.
What's going on?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- How did all these piles
get here?
- [sighs]
all: Whoa.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na, na,
na-na ♪
- ♪ One, two ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na, na, na-na ♪
♪ One, two, three, four! ♪
♪♪
- Um, Dicky?
What are you doing?
- I'm piling things.
- Okay, follow-up question.
Why are you piling things?
- Whenever you guys
don't listen to me,
I pile things,
and it makes me not want
to push you to the ground.
- So, uh...
you want to push us
the ground?
- Yeah, whenever
I'm not piling things.
- Pile away.
- How long
has this been going on?
- Hmm, let me think.
[harp music]
- I think we should
all have greatfruit.
- First of all,
it's grapefruit, grape.
- And we're not
doing that, right?
- Absolutely not.
- No way.
- [groans]
[sighs happily]
And you still won't let me
call it "greatfruit."
- Because its name
is still "grapefruit."
- But there's no grapes in it!
And it's a great big fruit.
- Okay, can we just drop this
and go get our pool?
- No.
- Well, what if we let you
call it "greatfruit?"
- It's not about the fruit.
It's about you guys
not respecting my ideas.
You never listen to me,
and you only care
about what I think
when it benefits you.
- That is so not true.
[quietly] Nothing he ever thinks
benefits us.
all: Whoa.
- I never knew
he felt this way.
- I do.
- I can't believe
we annoyed Dicky so much
that he secretly piles.
- I can't believe Dicky
would rather have a fur coat
than a swimming pool.
- [sighs] I can't believe
Dicky's frozen underwear idea
worked.
[laughs]
I'm wearing a pair too.
Whoo!
- I found a way for us
to get our pool:
competitive sport stacking.
There's money to be made here.
Watch this.
[crowd cheering]
[whistle blows]
- [scoffs]
Dicky piles faster than that.
- Exactly.
With Dicky on our team,
we could win
one of these tournaments
and have enough money
for our pool.
- Well, we can't just ask him
to stack for money.
I mean, he already thinks
we only listen to him
when it benefits us.
- But this benefits him too.
He can get that ridiculous
summer fur coat.
- Hold on.
Sure, he can stack flowerpots,
but how do we know
if he can stack cups?
- There's only one way
to find out.
- Ask him?
- Trick him.
- Works for me.
- Who made this?
- I did.
- Well, it's garbage.
- What does it matter?
It's a fake stand.
It's only to see
if Dicky can stack cups.
- That is no excuse
for this swill.
I'm in charge now.
- What?
- So, Dicky,
we were just wondering
if you would like
to help us with...
this.
- Our old
lemonade stand?
Aren't we a little too big
for this now?
- Well, don't think of it
as our old lemonade stand.
Think of it
as a vintage pop-up juicery
that specializes
in hand-harvested
tree-to-glass
artisanal lemon water.
- Then why does the sign
say "Lemonade?"
- It's ironic.
- Well, whatever it is,
I'm not buying it.
- Nobody is.
That's the problem.
So we could really use
your opinion
on how to stack our cups
in an eye-catching way.
- Oh.
You mean like this?
- Okay, okay.
But can you quickly
unstack them?
- Okay, okay,
but can you stack them
and then immediately
unstack them?
- Why?
- Why not?
- I'll do it.
- Yes!
- That was so fast.
- What are you guys
talking about?
- Have you ever considered
stacking competitively?
You know, for money?
- Oh, well,
I've considered money,
and I have considered stacking
but never together.
Huh.
Nope, not for me.
- Come on, Dicky.
We could form a team.
- Yeah, the four of us.
- Why?
- Why not?
- I'll do it.
- Hey, Dicky.
How's the lemonade?
- Ironic.
- Can we get
two lemonades, please?
- Not here.
Here, you will have
hand-harvested
tree-to-glass
artisanal lemon water.
- Hipsters.
♪ ♪
- Wow, who knew sport stacking
was so popular?
[chuckles]
But some of these parents
take this way too seriously.
- I checked out
the competition, Tom,
and I think we have
a real chance here.
Call it fair, zebra!
- [laughs]
Okay, hon.
Reel it in.
That's Reverend Ames.
Okay.
Good luck, kids.
- We don't need luck.
We've got Dicky.
- And jerseys.
Check these out.
- "The Stackity Doo-Dahs"?
- Hey, I make the jerseys.
I choose the name.
- I would have gladly
made the jerseys.
♪ ♪
- Okay, this is a relay race.
First team
to finish stacking wins.
On your marks.
Get set.
Stack.
Yes!
[whistle blows]
- Stackity Doo-Dahs move on.
- Yes!
♪ ♪
- Moving on.
- Yes!
♪ ♪
- Stackity Doo-Dahs win,
and they are
tournament champion.
[cheers and applause]
- Stackity Doo-Dahs!
In your faces, Count Stackulas.
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Yes, yes, yes!
Whoo!
- Yes, it's exciting.
Sorry, her hat's a little tight.
- Congratulations.
Here is your trophy
and your prize money.
See you all on Sunday?
all: Yes, Reverend.
- We're getting our pool.
The plan worked.
- Wh--what plan?
- Plan?
- Pssssh!
- What plan?
- Wait a minute.
You guys were just using me
to get your pool.
- No, it's not just our pool.
It'll be yours too.
- But I don't want a pool.
This is what I'm talking about.
You guys never listen to me.
Well, maybe you'll hear this.
- Wait.
No, you can't do that.
We all won that money.
- "We"?
I did all the work.
But don't worry--
you can still earn your pool
with your little lemonade stand.
- It is a vintage pop-up juicery
that specializes
in hand-harvested
tree-to-glass
artisanal lemon water!
- [sighs]
Hipsters.
♪ ♪
- ♪ La-la-la-la-la,
la, la, la-la, la, la ♪
- Here's a sentence
I never thought I'd say.
Two artisanal
lemon waters, please.
- I can't believe Dicky
took away all your prize money.
- It's okay. We're just gonna
have to make our pool money
the old-fashioned way:
with a hard day's work.
- That'll be $16.
- [spits]
- That was $4
you just spit on the ground.
- We get free refills,
right?
- Next!
- $8 for a lemonade?
That's driveway robbery.
- Don't worry, people.
The stack man's got you covered.
Lemonade's on me.
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
- That's right.
It may be hot and sunny out,
but I'm about to make it rain.
I'm just kidding.
That was all fake money.
I've got the real stuff
in my fur.
- How are you not sweating?
- Because I had enough money
to put fans in here.
[fans buzzing]
So for our next tournament--
- Wait. You want to enter
another tournament with us?
- Yup, got to keep it raining.
- But this time,
you'll give us
an even split
of the winnings, right?
- Nope, got to keep it raining.
- But we're a team.
We deserve our fair share.
- Yeah,
and if it wasn't for us,
you'd still be piling paint cans
in the garage.
- Yeah,
but if it wasn't for me,
I wouldn't be so rich.
- How about this?
If you don't give us
our fair share,
we're not gonna be
on your team.
- Whatever.
I can win that prize money
with anybody.
You three are on my team now.
- Cool. I want
to make it rain money.
- Let's go, new team.
We don't need this.
Let's go find
some more expensive lemonade.
- Go!
We don't need you!
We totally need him.
- No, we don't.
We just need to find
another stacker
who's as good as him.
Then we can win
and make it rain in his face.
- I'm in.
- Let's do it.
- Where are you going?
What about your hipster
lemonade stand?
- Oh, uh...
could you guys run it
for us while we're gone?
- Sure.
All right,
let's do this thing right.
♪ ♪
- Hi, my name is Tammy,
and I'm super excited
to try out for Dicky's team.
- Oh, Dicky isn't
on the team anymore.
- I'm out.
- That is the third person
to leave
because Dicky's
not on the team.
- Just to be clear,
Dicky is no longer on the team.
- What are we gonna do?
- You're gonna lose.
One, two...
- What are you doing here?
- Oh, we just came by
to check out the competition.
Too bad there isn't any.
- In your faces.
- One, two...
- Dicky!
I was just setting that up.
- Sorry, Dad.
Here's a little something
for your troubles.
- [sighs]
One...
two, three...
- Let me get those cups
for you, Mr. Harper.
- Thank you very much.
I appreciate it.
- It's useless.
We will never
find somebody
who stacks
as fast as Dicky.
- I think we just found
our new teammate.
- So, Sadie...
I didn't know you were
a sport stacker.
- Oh, no,
I don't stack anymore.
- Oh, why not?
- I don't know.
For some reason,
all the teams I was on
always fell apart.
- Was that "some reason"
that you didn't share your money
with your teammates?
- What?
No.
I don't stack
for the money.
I stack for the love.
- What a coincidence.
I mean, we stack
for the love too.
- Yup, that's us.
- All about the love.
So since we don't care
about the money either,
would you consider becoming
one of the Stackity Doo-Dahs?
- Yes!
And I love that name!
It's spunky and fun.
- [pointedly]
Thank you, Sadie.
♪ ♪
- Okay, you guys ready
to practice?
- Absolutely,
but just so you know,
we're not
the world's best stackers.
- Guys, don't worry.
Just do your best.
- Okay.
[cups clattering]
Stacking is all about the love.
And there's nothing I love more
than turning losers
into winners!
Now stack those up, losers.
- I'm sorry, Sadie.
Are you mad at us?
- Oh, heck, no.
I'm just embarrassed to be seen
in the same room as you, silly.
- Will you excuse us
for a second?
- I'm starting to think
the "some reason"
Sadie's teams didn't work out
was Sadie.
- I'm so sorry to interrupt,
but those cups aren't gonna
stack themselves, losers.
- Could you do me a favor,
Sadie,
and not call us losers?
It's very hurtful.
- So is my foot
halfway up your behind.
Which would you rather have?
- And we're stacking.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
- Okay, that's enough.
- Please don't kick us!
- The only thing
I'm gonna be kicking
is the other team's
patooties,
'cause you guys are winners!
- Yes!
High five.
♪♪
♪ ♪
- You guys ready to lose
the Get Stacky Invitational?
- You tell me.
- That's right.
We practiced.
- They were pretty good.
Should we have practiced?
I mean, I don't even know
what cup stacking is.
- Practice?
Practice?
You're--you're talking
about practice.
You've seen me stack,
and you're talking
about practice?
Practice?
I don't need practice.
[scoffs]
Practice.
[whistle blows]
I should have practiced.
- And the winner is--
- The...
Stackity Doo-Dahs!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Mommy doesn't love you any less.
- And now it's time to present
the winning team
with their prize money.
- We did it!
We can finally buy our pool!
- Yes!
- There you are.
- I'd like to announce
that we will be donating
all of our winnings
to charity.
- [gasps]
all: No!
- What's wrong? You guys said
you weren't in this for the
money.
- We're not.
[weakly]
Just the love.
- Good, because the parish
is going to buy a new pool
with this.
♪♪
♪ ♪
- I can't believe
Sadie gave away
all your prize money
after Dicky took away
all your prize money.
- But at least a lot of people
are in line
for our artisanal lemonade.
- Yeah, how'd you do it?
- Easy. We stopped selling
your artisanal lemonade.
- And came up
with a new recipe:
lemon, sugar, water.
- One dollar.
- Okay, well,
thanks for running the stand
while we're gone,
but we'll take it back now.
- Sounds good.
We'll just take all the money
we made while we ran it.
- What?
No.
- We did all the work,
so we get all the money.
All yours.
- Oh, no.
The hipsters are back.
- Maybe you two
could open your own stand
at Mae's house.
- Hear that, everybody?
Mae and Miles are opening
their own stand.
- Yeah!
- Sweet.
- Sorry.
- Got to give the customers
what they want.
- How does this keep happening
to us?
- We are never going
to get that pool.
- Can I get a cup of lemonade?
- Uh, sure.
That'll be...
one dollar.
- Actually, I'm out of cash.
- Dude, why are you
sweating so much?
- My batteries died.
- I got an idea.
You know what might help
with your little
perspiration problem?
- A cup of lemonade?
- No, a nice cool pool.
- This is
what I'm talking about.
After all this,
and you're still trying
to trick me into doing
what you want.
- Trick you?
Pshhh!
Oh, here is the cup
of lemonade you wanted.
And drink this
while you think about the pool
we're not trying
to trick you into.
- You know what?
I don't want a cup of lemonade.
In fact, I don't ever want
to see another cup again.
It just reminds me
of how you guys are always
disrespecting me.
[sweat sloshing]
- Wow.
We really messed up.
- I know.
Maybe we have been
disrespecting him.
- And now
we've broken him.
- No, Mae and Miles were right.
All you do need
is lemon, sugar, and water.
This is delicious.
♪ ♪
- [slurps]
- Hey, Dicky.
Why are you drinking
from a plate?
- I told you
I was done with cups.
[slurping]
Why are you guys dressed
like that?
- Oh, well,
we're just showing off
our new fur coats.
- Pretty sweet, huh?
- Is this some kind of joke?
- Nope, we're just respecting
your opinion.
- Yeah,
you brilliantly suggested
we should buy fur coats
in the summer
because we'd get
a better deal.
- And we did.
- You didn't buy those.
Those are Mom and Dad's
old ice-dancing costumes.
And that's the toilet rug
from our bathroom.
And by the way,
sometimes I miss.
- Oh, I knew it was you.
- I know what you guys
are trying to do.
You're trying to get me
back on your team
so you can use me
to get your pool.
- No, this isn't
about the pool.
This is about you.
- It is?
- Look what we did to you.
We made you hate cups
so much,
you became
a plate slurper.
- [slurping]
Go on.
- And we're sorry.
The truth is,
we don't listen to you.
But we should.
- You deserve
our respect.
- I do.
[slurping]
- And from now on,
we're going to listen to you.
- [slurping]
- But you got to stop that!
- So you're really gonna
listen to me?
Like, if I want
to call it "greatfruit,"
you won't correct me?
- No.
- Call it whatever you want.
- Uh...
sure.
- Wow, you guys
really do care about me.
- Of course we do.
- Thanks.
And since I was kind of
a jerk there for a while,
I owe you guys something.
How about we go get that pool?
- Oh, no,
no more competitions.
- That's how
this whole thing started.
- Yeah, and you're
more important to us
than any pool.
- Actually, I had
another idea in mind.
- Wow!
Kids, I am impressed.
You really turned
this lemonade stand around.
What's your secret?
- Well, we added
a signature ingredient
to our recipe.
- Now it's lemons,
sugar, water...
- And a show.
[applause]
- Make it rain, Rickity Doo-Dah.
- Hey, where are
all my good pitchers?
- Uh...
No idea, Mom.
[laughs nervously]
- Where is she?
- I'm right behind you.
And I know where they are.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
[whistling]
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah! ♪
- ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah! ♪